Alright. Here’s the plan. This website is for an investing training platform called ‘12Digits.’ It has three memberships plans: a school plan, a casual personal plan, and a casual ‘12D+’ plan, basically premium. I will explain those after. Before allowing to make an account and access these plans, you must pay for them. We can also make a free version of this for personal accounts that are a 14-day free trial. I want a real database, nothing fake. We can use firebase, and yea.  

Now, this website needs to have an index.html page, so we can see information, memberships, details, and all that, that lead to other .html pages we can plan later/develop as we go. We will have a login/signup, authentication, a profile (everyone can see on their own accounts), leaderboard. Now, there are 4 html pages we must make: a lessons.html, dashboard.html, simulator.html, and lastly, admin.html. I will also explain these later. Every user gets their own encrypted area; I don’t want anything mixed up with others and all of that. We will use node,js. 

 Before explaining to you, this is Realtime data, no mock-ups. I want real stuff, and I want the CSS Looking very very very professional, like Sabio Trade.  

Now time to explain the websites:  

1. Lessons.html - this page has all the lessons the admin creates (on admin.html), and it shows every lesson, it counts how many you have done, and what is next.  

2. Dashboard.html - this page is built to track your investments, you can delete them, edit, and create them. This is shown in a list then a graph called: “Performance Tracker” shows your added investment and shows the potential of it growing. At the top, shows your value, gains/losses, and how many investments you have made.  

3. Simulator.html - this page, is the most important one. It has the live simulator, with a balance of 10,000 dollars per account in it. It uses candlestick charts, and it follows the Sabio Trade-like system, you can close, buy/sell, and it shows a chart that loads per tick, and you can scroll in, across, or outside the graph. There is also an area showing your performances and your total profit and potential.  

4. Lastly, the admin.html - this page is only available via the correct username and password to log in in the log in page. It is an admin panel that allows you to create, edit, delete, manage, lessons. This is the only way of creating them.  

Now to explain the memberships:  

1. The demo – this is a free version, except we will work on this later.  

2. School plan ($8.49 per student/month, $98.59 per student/year) – this is for school/teachers who are teaching commerce, like mine. This has the teacher admin, assignments and challenges, it has lessons and tutorials, a Realtime simulator, trading strategies, replay function, and lastly, your classmates and friends, potentially a chatroom, the teacher admin means it can see all students progresses, it can add students with their school email, and can chat to them.  

3. Casual ($9.49 a month, $107.99 per/year) – this membership has lessons and tutorials, a Realtime simulator, trading strategies, friends list, and a dashboard.  

4. 12Digits+ ($14.49 per/month, $1769.49 a year) - this membership has every exclusive thing, lessons, tutorials, global leaderboard, advanced system, and everything else we have talked about. 

 Now that has been explained, the websites above I explained was an idea of it, it may change due to a membership, and many more.  

However, these memberships will cost money, and we can connect that stuff to make it happen. Can we use PayPal for that, and let’s do this step by step. This also means you setting it up in the terminal with mkdir, touch, npm, all that. Can we also make it that each subscription has its own folder/whatever, I reckon it’s for easier process and all that. 